TheStack is built using a full-stack Javascript web application framework called Meteor. Meteor is written in NodeJS, and has built in MongoDB support, which is a NoSQL database. Meteor allowed us to create our application rapidly, without needing to learn many languages, and we were able to handle all aspect of our development with just knowledge of HTML5, CSS and Javascript. All our data collections are stored in MongoDB and user sessions and accounts handled with Meteor.

Our front-end was created with the help of the Twitter Bootstrap framework, which helped us create a highly responsive and mobile optimized user experience.
A major component of our system is the actual game challenge itself. Which is created with the use of HTML5, and the help of JQuery-UI to allow for the dragging and dropping game mechanic. The game interacted with the backend server, to query the state of the game board to check whether the user's answer is correct - if so, the keeping track of the user's progression which is shown visually in the user's profile.

The most significant architecure decision we made was to use Meteor. The reason behind this decision, was because of the lack of previous knowledge the majority of our team had of web development, so choosing a current cutting edge technology seemed beneficial. With Meteor it also lowered the number of languages we needed to learn to just HTML5, JS and CSS, and also the many available packages available to add into the project via Meteor's pacakage tool Atmosphere sped up aspects of development. Overall we think this was a good decision, besides some concepts being hard for some of our members to grasp, if we chose another web stack, the learning curve may have been even higher.
