Throughout this development process, our team mainly used two programs that worked well for the team. The first program we used was git, and through git the work was split up among to different people in our group and we were able to combine our progress through that application. Git worked especially well for our group since before the members actually worked on their parts, we discussed it prior and divvied it up so there was not much overlap completed between the members. Although we worked on our parts individually, we had smaller groups within our group that were made to finish the bigger parts (questions, landing page, etc...). This was mostly accomplished through real life/on Skype, which led to us being more organized and punctual. Another tool that we used Meteor. Meteor is an open source platform that we used to build the website and the app itself in pure Javascript. Using this program organized our ideas in a tiny convention to build our website. As for our code, we used the standard camelcase naming convention and used descriptive variables and function names to help describe what our code did.
	
Although Meteor worked well for building the application, it did not particularly work well with our group. The reason being is that it was only exclusive to Mac, and only two members out of seven had a Mac and was able to access it. However later on as the course progressed a release came out for Windows but none of us were able to install it. Due to this unfortunate event, we all normally met up together in person to work on it for the big parts as we could not get the Meteor application to work. Another big turn down for our assignment was using Cloud9 (a development environment, cloud based). We were initially going to use this to upload and collaborate all of our code but some people could not get that to work on their machines so we decided to scrap that and just go with GitHub. As for our group meetings, we feel that because we had our meetings so often, we felt that it was really unnecessary as not much was accomplished due to the lack of things that we needed to do. Instead of having a meeting every other day, we feel that we should have one big meeting every week because we were all also busy with others courses.
	
Because we often worked in person in a group, we felt that this was the most effective way to get things accomplished. Through this method, we were all able to understand what we needed to do, and if there were any questions, we could have instantaneously answered each other with a reply rather than waiting on a response over the internet. We also feel that there should be no scrum leader as we did not need anyone to lead as we all had something in mind to talk about when we met.