The main focus of our project, The Stack, is implementing an innovative and interactive game to develop programming knowledge and skills. The target audience of our project consists of beginner to novice level computer science students as well as non-computer science students who are learning computer science. The goal of our game is not to teach computer science but rather to teach syntax and structure through pre-written code. The game provides users a problem and the lines of code that form an algorithm which is a structured, efficient algorithm to solve the problem - however, the lines of code are not in the correct order. The user must ‘stack’ the lines of code in the correct order to recreate the solution. This method provides users with well-written solutions to problems that they may not have been able to write at their level of understanding. This way, beginner and novice users learn new, more efficient ways to write code rather than relying on basic and possibly ineffective methods. The game also provides users with practice reading and analyzing code that another programmer has wrote - an important skill that novice programmers may not have had as much opportunity to develop. 

We also allow users to submit their own written solutions to problems if they are capable and willing. Their solution is saved and other users can vote how well done the code was written. Based on the popularity and rating of the votes, future solutions for those questions can use those lines of code to help others have different perspectives of well written code. This allows for users to see different types of good solutions to the same problems. 
 
We also developed a website around the game to support users. Users can register and log-in on their own account. Users can then track their progress on games completed as well as their scores for each game. In addition to tracking their own progress, they can see how well they do in competing against users from around the world who use The Stack. Users can navigate their way to different challenges based on different topics and different languages.
 
The main feature of our product is the ability to learn multiple languages or even just pseudocode. This can potentially allow users to learn solutions to a problem  in multiple languages and create a better understanding of writing algorithms. Each game is created individually with certain solutions, so new games and solutions written in different languages can easily be added. Whether they are a new coder or a veteran, there is always something new to learn or something to improve on. With a wide selection of different tasks and user-submitted problems, the set of problems can always grow and there is always something to look at and something to do. 
 
To demonstrate some of the functionality of The Stack, consider the following user story: 
* Curious Calvin searches on his favourite search engine for “quick programming self-tests” and lands on The Stack. He is prompted to the landing page and registers an account in order to keep track of his progression. His initial intention was to learn about sorting as he has no prior experience in that field. After the login, he clicks on the domain page and is sent to the levels page, where he can choose a variety of subjects. Because he wants to learn about sorting, he clicks on the sorting category and starts the first sorting level, which is insertion sorting. After entering the page, he scrolls down below the main grid of the game and reads the problem. After reading and understanding the problem, Calvin goes back to the grid and drags what he thinks is the correct blocks / lines of codes onto the grid and stacks them up. After completing this, he clicks Run the code and finds out his result. 
 
* Gamer Greg is always looking for a way to satiate his competitive drive. As a gamer, he has taken a natural interest in computer science, and specifically coding. He stumbles upon The Stack and learns that the website has a competitive environment and an educational one with coding. Greg instantly signs up on the website and then he checks up on the leaderboards. After seeing the rankings, he has a tendency to get cocky and tells himself he can beat those scores. He goes to the domain page and plays a few levels and realizes that his score was not that high as he had hoped. Greg is perseverant and tries consistently to beat that score, and in the end he realizes that he had learned a lot from The Stack, it is at this website that fills his competitive need and educational need.

